[DOCS] Update Quickstart guide (#942)
mozilla-ai/lumigator: docs/source/get-started/ui-guide.md

Lumigator comes with a web-based UI that allows you to interact with the Lumigator API. It is designed to be easy to use and to provide a quick way to get started with Lumigator.

## Getting Started
Follow the [quickstart](quickstart.md) to get Lumigator up and running. The UI can then be accessed by visiting [localhost](http://localhost) on your web browser. You should be able to see a screen with the sections **Datasets** and **Experiments**. Lets go through each of them in detail.

## Upload a Dataset

> The main purpose of Lumigator is to help you select a model that works well for your particular data. It does this by evaluating multiple models on a sample of your data: your dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main purpose of Lumigator is to help you select the model that works best for your particular data, amongst several available. It does this by evaluating multiple models on a sample of your data: your dataset.
```
How about emphasizing the comparison aspect - wdyt?
